{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11300\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My name is Trevor Hudson. I am seeking my BA in Architecture, and hope to eventually seek an MA. I am taking VMD-105 to strengthen my knowledge of the Adobe Suite and to apply it to my architectural rendering toolset.\
\
thudson1@mail.ccsf.edu \
@thudsun\
\
\
Raster \
\
In my raster project I chose to create an epic battle scene over the beautiful Grand Canyon landscape. I visited the canyon last year and have been inspired to use it in some sort of project. The birds and dragon\'92s were all pulled off of the internet and I assembled them into this single piece. The laser beams and fire were drawn by hand in photoshop. The most challenging part of this project was taking my selfie image and trying to match the lighting on my face to the Grand Canyon so that it looked like I was right in the scene (and not photoshopped in\'85)\
\
Vector\
\
For my vector project I wanted to build off of my original raster image but design more of the elements myself. Working with vectors was a lot more complicated and challenging that with pixels in Photoshop and I ran into a lot of problems while drawing the bird and gun. In my first pass I drew it as a single object and then ultimately had to go in and explode all of my lines and re-close them to define each individual object. \
\
Animate\
\
My Animate project built off of my first two projects and I wanted to try animating my vector bird/gun - not an easy task! I drew each frame individually in order to create the illusion of flight. I ended up animating the two wings separately. The rest of the animation - the laser beam/explosions was all relatively straight forward and utilized motion/shape tweens. \
\
Print lab\
}